Implements Locust (#37)
hellofresh/kangal: README.md

Kangal also uses S3 compatible storage to save test reports. 

## Supported backends
Currently, there are the following load generator types implemented for Kangal:

- **Fake**
- [**JMeter**](https://jmeter.apache.org/)
- [**Locust**](https://locust.io/)

> Read more about each of then at [docs/README.md](docs/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about each of them in [docs/README.md](docs/README.md).
```
